changelog for v0.16.78 (#3597)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

Subscribe to the [tracking issue #2231](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/2231)
to receive notifications about breaking changes!

## TigerBeetle 0.16.78

> Released: 2026-03-20
> 
> ### Safety And Performance
> 
> - [#3581](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3581)
>   [#3586](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3586)
> 
>   Fix a potential liveness issue where we try to repair a block while simultaneously writing to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3581](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3581)

  Fix an over-tight assert -- we may still be writing non-repair blocks at the start of checkpointing.
  
- [#3586](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3586)

  Fix a potential liveness issue where we try to repair a block while simultaneously writing to it.
```

Author: Thanks!

### Internals

- [#3585](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3585)

  `tigerbeetle inspect constants` now prints out the number of Transfers per table.

- [#3579](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3579)
  [#3589](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3589)
  [#3591](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3591)
  [#3584](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3584)

>   [#3594](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3594)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#3579](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3579),
  [#3589](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3589),
  [#3591](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3591),
  [#3584](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3584),
  [#3594](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3594)
```

Author: Many, thanks,!
